[Applause]
you look great and you smell fantastic -
you are this Instagram thing it's crazy
you know you it was a measured it it's a
Guinness Book World Record you beat
Prince Harry and Megan marking Megan
mark oh yeah yeah you got into a million
like it like I don't know twelve seconds
or something like something like that
let the most reluctant person to ever
join Instagram yeah I'm crazy you are
yeah you don't do that kind of stuff
well I do now
you do now why are you doing it now I
don't know who talked to you a lot of
people yes I've got tired of you know
what you resist persists so what the hey
mm-hmm and it is fun to look at the
stuff well well I haven't you have no
nothing well no and I'm just trying to
build content
I see how do you follow that picture I
have the picture right here as a matter
of fact this is you know people love
this and but how do you funny if you
only posted reunion photos of you and
the group from friends like a here they
are again at my house yeah well they
that's what they say although you know
it doesn't cost anybody anything so
really I think they'll stick with you
regardless I hope you know you probably
gained another like three hundred
thousand just from the beginning of this
conversation like if like if Bigfoot the
real Bigfoot came out of the forest
yeah and started an Instagram account
yes he wouldn't get this many followers
crazy well yes you had a fake Instagram
account though did make sure you like
what it was a it was a stalker account
yes yeah when I was thinking about doing
this I sort of figured it was time to
kind of understand the world and dip my
toe into the social media pool you know
the young people the kids will call that
a fence - Graham which is short for fake
Instagram and they mostly yeah it's a
fake anymore yeah it's - it's it's right
too much work to say face like a text
right yo I've got a text and you're fun
you're like oh there's nothing here and
then you realize that someone has just
put it's like a little heart or
explanation points or thumbs up or
thumbs down on somebody's something and
you're like you really just couldn't
write something like a heart or like I
had to search through and then you have
to find it figure out who left that
heart or thumbs up thumbs down oh you
can't sway more time than just actually
ready to comment to what the person
lacks right in in trying to save time
we're wasting a huge amount of time our
time yeah now you are gonna waste a huge
amount of Instagram because you get
sucked into it you know oh you will get
sucked into it
absolutely well you've just put a curse
on me you've just said you will be
sucked into it I'm gonna try to be
really you know how often have you post
do you know have you thought about that
I haven't thought about that yeah I
thought about it you know you have to
put up another yours I do I know that
after they're like okay well and I think
I have to do more now I guess
you do have to do more it's the law it's
now your Allah and you got to do it
alright I watched your new show and you
are fantastic in this show and and
that's not just me saying that you
absolutely are it's called the morning
show it's the first like big show for
Apple TV plus yeah so there's a lot
riding on this thing you could bring the
Apple Corporation down if it doesn't go
wrong I know and it's a great the
subject matter is fantastic because it's
these morning news show yes it's the
morning new ship new shows it's very
timely these people we feel we know
these people wake up with them every
morning it's your your comfort food it's
your youth they send you off into your
day feeling great about it or not so
great or not so great did you study
what did you go and observe and soak it
in I did I went to well I mean also
we've been doing we've been on the other
side of it for so many years writing
doing this but I yes I went I shadowed
oh gee ma oh god seven o'clock in the
morning reopen it is a fascinating world
it's like an engine that revs up for up
for these two hours from 5:00 to 7:00
and it's just they go go go it's like
something you've never seen was like I
don't need adderall this is my app was
anyone particularly helpful like like
it's George Stephanopoulos like hey let
me show you my dressing room and let me
show you my desk and this is how I sit
up my desk and this is what I look at
and that kind of stuff but he was quite
lovely and Robin Roberts of course and
they were all just so gracious and and
ever a lot of them you know women were
coming up saying what happens oh really
Oh a lot of people were just like please
it's almost like they're in cages going
is that true and then do you feed that
content to the writer on your show and
say like hey you might want to most of
the stuff I just kept for me you
internalized yeah yeah wow that's
something else and so Diane Sawyer also
you had dinner with her right she must
have told you something good
oh she told me tell us something that
okay too much you'll see the show and
all next time I ll ask you if you could
pick out a Diane ISM okay Oh a Diane ism
all right oh I love
I do too I love her like if I could
emulate anyone I it's her did you tell
her that of course did she get
uncomfortable was she cool with it
she did she loved it she loved it yes
will you take an extra photo with her
yes yeah I already have one oh you do I
didn't realize you've been working on
this one so long one of the one of the
interesting and fun parts of the show
and I don't want to give too much away
as you're driving into work yes it's
night you know it's very early and I see
this digital huge digital billboard
you're on it your character
Steve Carell is on it and you just kind
of like look up at it for a second yeah
and you know we don't know what's going
through your head at that time yes I
wonder what the first time you saw a
billboard of yourself like that do you
remember do you have any memories of
that was it friendly I would want to say
friends but I don't know I mean sure it
was friend I have actually a one vivid
memory of Along Came Polly where I was
driving on I want to say Fairfax or La
Brea and I was making a left right by
the Whole Foods where that and it was
this huge and that was the first time
I'd seen a big big like horizontal
poster of myself with my own with my
character's name in the title I thought
it was pretty cool yeah it's pretty cool
didn't have a cell phone to take a
picture of but I did it right here
uh-huh yeah well right here doesn't go
to ends right here doesn't get follow
yeah that's true when we come back we're
gonna see a clip from the new show
awesome it's called the morning show
Jennifer Aniston is here over we could
say you were emotional about Mitch
I'm not emotional about what's going on
just take a little beat please come in
Sarah listen I'm going to absolutely you
understand
lately understand guys guys guys guys
listen don't honey Oh baby baby honey
listen to me
sometimes women can't ask for control so
they have to take it you know what I
noticed that they then occurred to me
when I was watching it is that most of
these shows have to use like a fake
phone and fake phone graphics and it
always takes you out of it but you guys
because you're on Apple TV you go right
the real iPhones right there yeah you go
with it we always had a guy who was the
technical technician who had a computer
who was hooked up to our on set phone
and he would so every time we would do
this it would just miraculously appear
really yeah so this is one of the perks
of working for Apple TV now someone just
good like types in your you just think
it and they type your thoughts amazing
you know I'm glad you brought that up
because now that you're on Instagram by
the way I have an idea for your next
reunion oh god amazing
yeah you remember well we just talked
about Along Came Polly right all right
just pretend I'm Ben Stiller here okay
do we have somebody with the phone okay
here we go
all right this is that this is the
parrot this is the one okay oh oh yeah
okay thanks who is this bald man
interrupting our show wait a minute he's
got a passcode what am I
no just we'll just do it okay all right
here we go do you want to hold the gem
there okay right see do you need to go
like okay ready what's your like well
you gotta get closer to me okay I know
that part okay okay one two all right
enough of this silliness
you have to know emojis if you are going
to be a number one Instagrammer and so
now it is time to play a game and it's
called what is this stupid game called
[Applause]
all right so that's your podium right
there my podium is this that's me that's
that's right and so the goal here is we
have turned some of your projects movies
television into emojis and you have to
look at the emojis and decode them okay
okay all right
let's put let's put up the first emoji
there prizes if you win - now what does
that represent
friends friends is correct
[Applause]
next emoji is killing clothes you're on
the right track
murder mystery murdered miss our next
emoji tier two for two Marley & Me
Marley & Me
next one this one's a little more
difficult oh oh space earth call Oh God
no you're right you have to be gay
uh-huh what comes before space let's see
another one dumpling dumpling is correct
cake is correct
[Applause]
heartbroken hearts broken hearts you
were not in a movie called broken heart
not I wasn't in her shirt I was at this
one yes the is correct the the okay
Kamiya this is terrible you you almost
had it
the well does could be anything brother
break a breakup
and finally what do we have here the
morning show
[Applause]
you're going home with some wonderful
prizes
these are emoji pillows please feel free
to put those in your home and maybe
we'll see them in Architectural Digest
Jennifer Aniston the morning children
Matthews thanks for watching if you like
that video click the subscribe button
and if you didn't like it will you hurt
my feelings